Python is one of the most used programming languages due to its simplified syntax and shallow learning curve.
On top of this, it is highly used in data science and academia world (particularly on finance, economics or
business related degrees). This is very important, as it is the first time in history that users - regardless of
their background - can so easily add features to an investment research platform. An open source product allows for
higher quality, lower costs, more transparency, and faster go-to-market due to the strong community created. There
is no point in re-inventing the wheel for financial theory that has been around for decades, thus users can adapt
the platform to their needs or even build proprietary features on top of our infrastructure. We believe that everyone
should be able to have the same tooling to do investment research. By leveraging free API tiers, we can allow users to
have access to a vast range of information for free. On the other hand, we want users that are willing to subscribe to
premium API keys from certain data providers to be able to take advantage of that on OpenBB Terminal - this is where we
see a monetization opportunity, a revenue share with data providers for connecting our users to their resources. Source
is the OpenBB Documentation.Finance is the study and discipline of money, currency and capital assets. It is related with, but not synonymous with
economics, the study of production, distribution, and consumption of money, assets, goods and services. Finance
activities take place in financial systems at various scopes, thus the field can be roughly divided into personal,
corporate, and public finance. In a financial system, assets are bought, sold, or traded as financial instruments,
such as currencies, loans, bonds, shares, stocks, options, futures, etc. Assets can also be banked, invested, and
insured to maximize value and minimize loss. In practice, risks are always present in any financial action and
entities. A broad range of subfields within finance exist due to its wide scope. Asset, money, risk and investment
management aim to maximize value and minimize volatility. Financial analysis is viability, stability, and profitability
assessment of an action or entity. In some cases, theories in finance can be tested using the scientific method,
covered by experimental finance. Some fields are multidisciplinary, such as mathematical finance, financial law,
financial economics, financial engineering and financial technology. These fields are the foundation of business and
accounting. The early history of finance parallels the early history of money, which is prehistoric. Ancient and
medieval civilizations incorporated basic functions of finance, such as banking, trading and accounting, into their
economies. In the late 19th century, the global financial system was formed. It was in the middle of the 20th century
that finance emerged as a distinct academic discipline, separate from economics. (The first academic journal,
The Journal of Finance, began publication in 1946.) The earliest doctoral programs in finance were established in
the 1960s and 1970s. Source is Wikipedia.